Explicit instructions for temp entry handling within the 0-255 range (#56)
core-wg/cf-reg-update: draft-ietf-core-cf-reg-update.md

A new column with the title "Notes" has been added to the CoAP Content-Formats Registration Procedures shown in {{tbl-new-cf-proc}}.

The following note is added to the registry:

> > "Note: As per {{&SELF}}, Designated Experts can approve temporary registrations in the Expert Review range that are not subject to the formal {{-iana-early}} renewal process."

Reviewer: Maybe change to singular "a Designated Expert can approve ..." ?
This makes it clear that a single expert can do so. Singular form is also used in the other changes below.

Author: I think using the plural here is more correct.
It doesn’t designate a quorum of DEs, so there’s no risk of misinterpreting it for a requirement in such sense.
It just says that someone with the DE role has the power to approve temp registrations that are exempt from 7120-defined process.
Changing it to the singular would read like we allow a DE to exceptionally do that, which is not what we mean.

Maybe:

> _”As per {{&SELF}}, temporary registrations in the Expert Review range are approved by Designated Experts. These registrations are not subject to the formal {{-iana-early}} renewal process."_

Author: I moved the note to the IANA considerations ([7de1743](https://github.com/core-wg/cf-reg-update/pull/56/commits/7de1743d10028a2ff6155846cdcf318d350ef727)), which is seems more fit.

Note that in the 10000-64999 range the abandonment of a document requesting a Content-Format ID does not cause an entry to be removed.
That is because the required registration procedure for this range does not require completion of any standards process, nor does it require a registering document.

{:#expert-review-7120-exemptions}
Temporary registrations within the 0-255 range are exempt from the formal renewal process outlined in {{-iana-early}}.
Specifically, IANA will not monitor the removal of registrations in this range.

> Instead, the Designated Expert directs IANA to carry out this task.

Reviewer 2: If here too the intent is to refer to "someone with the DE role", then it should be:

> Instead, Designated Experts direct IANA to carry out this task.

IANA is instructed to remove this note from the registry when this document is approved for publication.
RFC-Editor: please remove this section once the note has been removed.

## New Note Addition

IANA is instructed to add the following note to the registry:

> > "Note: As per {{&SELF}}, temporary registrations in the Expert Review range are approved by Designated Experts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> "Note: As per {{&SELF}}, temporary registrations in the 0-255 range are approved by Designated Experts.
```
